_“In IT and Cybersecurity, you succeed by staying one step ahead.”_

Hi there! I’m Gregory Hilbert, an aspiring IT & Cybersecurity professional who is passionate about all things networking and technology. Like a lot of my peers, my journey started with a curiosity for how things work and my love of problem solving. Every position in my career has required learning new technology. I have always loved mastering these technologies so I can troubleshoot them and teach others how to use them. That same drive is what is driving me to pursue a path of network engineering and blue teaming. 

I believe in constant growth. This year, I earned certifications like CompTIA Network+ and Google Cybersecurity Professional certificate. I’m currently working toward my CompTIA Security+ certification and taking courses through Cisco Networking Academy. I spend my breaks and lunches studying Anki cards. I listen to relevant content on the drive to and from work. I've used all of this knowledge to complete labs and create hands on projects, which you'll find in my portfolio. When I say that I love this field, I truly mean that.

What excites me most about Cybersecurity and IT is how the field is constantly changing. There’s always something new to learn. Being able to keep my mind engaged while helping others, whether that be clients or co-workers, is what I strive to achieve. In my most recent asset protection position, the AP leader said something that left a lasting impact. “You grow most when you're uncomfortable.” That's not to say that your work environment should be hostile, but rather you grow most personally and professionally when you're challenged. 

I’m excited to keep building my skills, having new experiences, and making a positive impact in the IT and Cybersecurity community. With a solid foundation of technical know-how, a commitment to my values, and a real passion for technology, I look forward to tackling new challenges while helping both clients and organizations alike stay secure. 
